[DDSQL-1503] Update table functions description and examples (#35171)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/ddsql_reference/_index.md

      <td>
        <pre>
dd.logs(
    columns => array < varchar >,
    filter ? => varchar,
    indexes ? => array < varchar >,
    storage ? => varchar,
    from_timestamp ? => timestamp,
    to_timestamp ? => timestamp
) AS (column_name type [, ...])</pre>
      </td>

>       <td>Returns log data as a table. The columns parameter specifies which log fields to extract. Nested fields are accessed using dot notation, and non-core fields need to be prepended by @. The AS clause defines the schema of the returned table. Optional: filtering by index or time range. When time is not specified, we default to the past 1 hour of data. Optional: specifying the storage to use (e.g., hot, flex_tier). When not specified, we default to hot storage.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <td>Returns log data as a table. The columns parameter specifies which log fields to extract. Nested fields are accessed using dot notation, and non-core fields need to be prepended by <code>@</code>. The AS clause defines the schema of the returned table. Optional: filtering by index or time range. When time is not specified, DDSQL defaults to the past 1 hour of data. Optional: specifying the storage to use (for example, <code>hot</code>, <code>flex_tier</code>). When not specified, the default is hot storage.</td>
```

  </tbody>
</table>

{{% collapse-content title="Examples" level="h3" %}}

### Absolute timestamps

{{< code-block lang="sql" >}}
SELECT *
FROM dd.logs(
    columns => ARRAY['timestamp','host','service','message'],
    from_timestamp => TIMESTAMP '2025-07-10 00:00:00.000-04:00',
    to_timestamp => TIMESTAMP '2025-07-17 00:00:00.000-04:00'
) AS (
    timestamp TIMESTAMP,
    host      VARCHAR,
    service   VARCHAR,
    message   VARCHAR
)
{{< /code-block >}}

### Relative timestamps

{{< code-block lang="sql" >}}
SELECT *
FROM dd.logs(
    columns => ARRAY['timestamp','host', 'service','message'],
    from_timestamp => now() - INTERVAL '7 days',
    to_timestamp =>  now()
) AS (
    timestamp TIMESTAMP,
    host      VARCHAR,
    service   VARCHAR,
    message   VARCHAR
)
{{< /code-block >}}

> ### Optional filters

Reviewer: The example demonstrates all three optional parameters (filter, indexes, storage), not just filters. Consider "Using optional parameters" or "Filter by source, index, and storage."
